Improve release process (#186)
Opster/opensearch-k8s-operator: MAINTAINERS.md

| Prudhvi Godithi | [prudhvigodithi](https://github.com/prudhvigodithi) | Amazon |

[This document](https://github.com/Opster/opensearch-k8s-operator/.github/blob/main/MAINTAINERS.md) explains what maintainers do in this repo, and how they should be doing it. If you're interested in contributing, see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md).

# Opensearch Operator New version release guide

This guide will explain the new version release process in Opensearch-k8s-Operator

## Logic

Under the relases process we can find two main actions
* ####Operator release
  Responsible to build and publish new Opensearch-k8s-operator images, builds from the 'release.yaml' workflow that triggers from new tag creation with 'v' prefix.
* ####Helm release

>   Respoinsable on Helm chart repo update, will set helm chart version to version from tag and will Run action to build chart and publish on Artifacthub. builds from the 'helm-release.yaml' workflow that triggers from new tag creation with 'helm' prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Responsible for Helm chart repo update, will set helm chart version to version from tag and will Run action to build chart and publish it to a new release and update the index in the `gh-pages` branch, will also publish version to Artifacthub, builds from the 'helm-release.yaml' workflow that triggers from new tag creation with 'helm-' prefix.
```

>   Respoinsable for Helm chart repo update, will set helm chart version to version from tag and will Run action to build chart and publish it to a new release and update the index in the `gh-pages` branch, will also publish version to Artifacthub. builds from the 'helm-release.yaml' workflow that triggers from new tag creation with 'helm' prefix.

Reviewer: Typo: Respoinsable  -> Responsible

Author: Changed , thanks

###Steps
So for a release we need the following manual steps:
1. Create a new tag "vX.Y.Z"
2. Wait until pipeline is finished

> 3. Create a new tag "helm-X.Y.Z" (edited) ד

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a new tag "helm-X.Y.Z"
```
